# Project-420
: 23 MW Bundled Solar Grid Power Project TNSPEPL, Tamil Nadu, India

Title of the project activity 23 MW Bundled Solar Grid Power Project TNSPEPL,
Tamil Nadu, India.

Scale of the project activity Large Scale

Project participants Project Proponent / Owner: IndiGrid Limited.
Mumbai, Maharashtra-400098, India.

Host Party India

Applied methodologies and
standardized baselines
Type I (Renewable Energy Projects)
UNFCCC Methodology Category, “ACM0002: Gridconnected electricity generation from renewable
sources - Version 21.0

UCR Protocol Standard Baseline Emission Factor

Sectoral scopes 01 Energy industries (Renewable / Non-renewable
Sources) 
_____________
The project activity titled, 23 MW Bundled Solar Grid Power Project TNSPEPL, Tamil Nadu, India
is bundle of 3 (three) ground mounted renewable solar energy projects located at the following
locations in Tamil Nadu, India:

Sr.No./ Village /District /Type /Installed Total Capacity / Commissioning Date
____________
1/ Perumpalli/ Dindigul /Ground mounted/ 5 MW/ 28.12.2015
_______________
2/ Muthuramalingapuram/ Virudhunagar/ Ground mounted/ 8 MW /28.09.2015
__________________________
3 /Chitthavanayakanpatti/ Tuticorin/ Ground mounted /10 MW/ 02.11.2015
____________________________
The power produced by the 10MW, 8MW and 5MW is evacuated at the substation located at
Vilathikulam, Muthuramalingapuram and Eriyodu respectively.

The project activity is promoted by TN Solar Power Energy Private Limited (TNSPEPL), which
belongs to ‘INDIGRID’ also called the Project Proponent or PP. PP has the full ownership of the
project activity. 

INDIGRID, India’s pioneering and largest Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT)
in the power transmission domain, takes charge of power transmission networks and renewable
energy assets, ensuring a consistent supply of electricity across India. The IndiGrid Portfolio Assets
encompass an impressive array of thirty-five power projects, including 15 operational transmission
projects, 1 greenfield transmission project, and 18 solar generation projects. These assets are
strategically distributed across 20 states and 1 union territory within India.

The total installed capacity of the project is 23 MW of Solar PV plant located at Tamil Nadu state in
India. The project activity is developed at three sites of 10 MW, 8 MW and 5 MW at
Cithivinayakanpatti, Boomakottai and Perumpalli respectively. The Project activity is a new facility
(Greenfield) and the electricity generated by the project will be exported to the Indian electricity
grid. The project will therefore displace an equivalent amount of electricity which would have
otherwise been generated by fossil fuel dominant electricity grid. In the Pre- project scenario the
entire electricity, delivered to the grid by the project activity, would have otherwise been generated
by the operation of grid connected power plants and by the addition of new generation sources.
____________________________
